Add blog post on unit of measurement translations (#2461)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-11-21-unit-of-measurement-translations.md

---
author: Abílio Costa
authorURL: https://github.com/abmantis
title: "Translating units of measurement"
---

> Home Assistant 2024.12 will support the translation of custom units of measurement. Previously, those would have been hardcoded in their integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Home Assistant 2024.12 will support the translation of custom unit of measurements. Previously, those would have been hardcoded in their integrations.
```

Author: I am not a native English speaker, but I think the plural of "unit of measurement" is "units of measurement".
Do you have any reference saying otherwise?

Reviewer: Probably. But I think it looks a bit strange using it in plural form.

Reviewer 2: The form in the PR is the right format. 👍

Just like for entity names, integrations just need to provide the unit designation in the `strings.json` file (with the new `unit_of_measurement` key) and set the respective `translation_key` on the entity definition.

> 

Reviewer: Add an example here I think.
